feat: New Coverage checks release note ALA-695 DOCS-618 (#1954)
codacy/docs: docs/release-notes/cloud/cloud-2023-11-23-new-coverage-engine-status-checks.md

      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## If you are using the old Coverage status check to block merging pull requests on GitHub

If you are using the old status check to block merging pull requests on GitHub, [edit the branch protection rules](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-protected-branches/managing-a-branch-protection-rule#editing-a-branch-protection-rule) of your pull requests' target branch under the section **Require status checks to pass before merging**:

![New Coverage status checks GitHub](../images/ala-695-update-status-checks-github.png)

## Differences in coverage metrics between the old and new Coverage engines

You may notice some differences in the coverage metrics reported by the old and new Coverage engines. This may happen because the new Coverage engine calculates coverage metrics considering all the files included in the coverage report, while the old Coverage engine ignores some files:

> -   The old Coverage engine ignores any files on a coverage report that aren't also modified by the associated pull request.

Reviewer: @nicklem it is not about the the modification, is more about 'existing' what do you think about this change?
I would add the change, and then improve this if/when need

```suggestion
-   The old Coverage engine ignores any files on a coverage report that aren't present on the repository on that given commit
```
